Game1:

Heroes Of Terra Viva:
  Form of the game: Console based RPG
  Console game running in nested switch loops that serve like UI.
  Every choice will be marked with numbers.

Mock Up of UI:

1. Dungeons
2. Character
3. Inventory
4. Quests
5. Blacksmith
6. Strategy
666. Quit Game
Choose your destination: 666|

Congratulations! You can go to Hell.
Escaping the game in:
3
2
1

1. Dungeons
2. Character
3. Inventory
4. Quests
5. Blacksmith
6. Strategy
666. Quit Game
Choose your destination: quit|

Error: Input can only be whole number from the above displayed range.


The switch loop will always take integer as an input and it will show different Menus also built as switch loops.

In detail mechanics:

1. Dungeons will allow you to go on a mission in five different dungeons, each consisting of five different Endgame bosses you have to clean if you manage to get to the end.
The strategy of combat you choose in tab 6. is really important. Each dungeon drops different loot of different level of quality ranging from common items + 0 to Legendary items + 99.

2. Character allows you to check your level, equipped items and upgrade basic stats with gold as well as improve your skill levels with skill point you get with each level.

3. Inventory will give you access to items sorted in 5 categories. Each category has 5 slots. and items fill in in FiFo order and they may be trashed unless equipped.
Checking item in slots 1-5 gives you list of its stats as well as an ability to equip it.

4. Quests gives you a list of 5 quest givers, each giving you quest of different difficulty based upon your Character Rank which is a sum of all your equipped items,
increased stats and level. Quests are finished automatically after getting the item or finishing the dungeon.

5. Blacksmith allows you to improve your gear from +0 all the way to +99 using gold and items dropped from dungeons. It also allows you to use enchanting scrolls to give
up to 3 random bonuses to your gear and enchanting Rolls which change the bonuses. Blacksmith first asks you to navigate to an item and then you will have choice to either,
upgrade the level, use scroll or use roll. The number of scrolls available will be shown as 2. Use Enchanting Scrolls(1 available) If you choose to upgrade level
of item you will see amount of gold required and items you need as well as dungeon that drops them.

6. Strategy is a place where you can upgrade your Manna pool, Manna regeneration and set order of skills you want to play in dungeons,
which can result in different outcomes, such as freezing enemies for 3 turns at strategic times as it costs a lot of Manna.
Manna pool and Manna regen are improved by consuming monsters that drop in dungeons and they give diminishing returns after high levels were achieved.
